no can you see the process of
globalization process go without yeah
before it was one of the key factors in
making shoes where you shouldn't shoot
market shopping now a shot is good
internet won't easily we've got a shop
go to show me any circumstances yeah so
now you're going to end up with a long
list and it's going to become a matrix
of reasons i shot the factor between the
shadow of my factors which make when
they probably will change and then
you're going to see if they're a common
factors as well as key you see that so
there might be price price and not less
quality not quantity not quality
location and not location not making
sure they're like the common factor
within each of these there might be two
or three keywords can you see how the
facilitator starts to think process
straight away and comes innocent how are
you doing that well the way you I wanted
I'm thinking we're going to be late
SPO talked about this morning a
consultant could set can say we're going
to merge these two banks and they can
get away with it they can just tell you
what they're going to do they can make a
red proposal and it's done as a trainer
I could say to you as I've done numerous
times today would you or would you get
into groups down and discuss this would
you go to lunch now we'll have coffee
and nobody argues with trainers because
it's implicit contract that you know
where you're going you know what the
times to be done and you know how long
this exercise will take and we'll just
follow you as a facilitator remember
you're operating in green not the red so
you're trying to put green in by long
side red and that grain has to fit and
has to in in John's terms you was
talking about outcome has to have an
output in an outcome so you're seeing
something and you're thinking when we
need to direct this now we need to get
an outcome from this bit of poster than
this task and you think well I know what
I want to do but you can't just say
right get post-its how would you all
start writing on them people won't do it
they will just freak particularly
dysfunctional groups so what you have to
do is you have to take the red the point
at which you're at describe that point
at which you're at then make your green
proposal with your tool technique or
model and then go back to read and say
and as a result of that I think there's
a likelihood we'll do build will get to
there and as you saw very early this
morning when I did it I'm nitwit we need
to move from tables around before you
came in John there was a moving of
tables and and I completely screwed up
but I said we need to leave poor pat
hooser all on the road she was then take
one person there and with something
there and there we need to rearrange the
room so that everybody's part of a group
so all over poses and I started to
shuffle Nick random why proposes Nick
goes over there and then we'll have a
good bit and soon from the corner said
but I don't you just move it your part
into that group without for nothing
wrong with so many challenging your P
your proposal do you get that because
understood the reg that you knew I was
trying to achieve and you had a much
better proposal with moving for people
to achieve the same thing the outcome
was we got groups that would function
you